dcrpayments
====

dcrpayments is a mono repository that houses various libraries/utilities that
are useful for integrating a Decred payment gateways.

# Status

The stack is very immature/PoC quality.  The subprojects have their own READMEs
with issues outlined.  Coin types are being changed soon and the stack will have
to be changed to compensate for that.  See
https://github.com/decred/dcrwallet/pull/976 for more details.  **THIS MEANS
ADDRESSES GENERATED BY CODE IN THIS REPO WILL BE CONSIDERED LEGACY SOON AND
SHOULD NOT BE USED IN PRODUCTION.**

# Project Listing

- [PHP_Blake](https://github.com/decred/dcrpayments/tree/master/PHP_Blake) - PHP
  module that adds a 14 round BLAKE-256 hash function used by php-addressgen
- [epkgen](https://github.com/decred/dcrpayments/tree/master/epkgen) - utility
  for generating an extended public key from a seed for use with php-addressgen/php-exampletestnetstore
- [php-addressgen](https://github.com/decred/dcrpayments/tree/master/php-addressgen) -
[BIP-0032](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki) address generation libary with Bitcoin/Decred support
- [php-exampletestnetstore](https://github.com/decred/dcrpayments/tree/master/php-exampletestnetstore) - end-to-end example of creating an order, presenting a Decred address for
payment, and polling block explorers to check whether a transaction which
satisfies the payment requirement comes in.

## Support Components Status

The following libraries/microservices/support components are needed to reduce
the amount of code duplication and integration between the various
projects/plugins.

Project | Developer(s) | Status | Notes
--- | --- | --- | --- |
14 round BLAKE-256 in PHP | jolan | WIP | Works but buggy |
Basic Decred address handling code | jolan | WIP | Works for now but needs to be changed |
Caching API server for price quotes/currency conversion | jolan | WIP | Needs to be broken out of php-exampletestnetstore |
travis/docker infrastructure | jolan | WIP | -- |

## E-commerce Plugin Status

The end goal is to provide well-tested and high-quality plugins for every major
e-commerce platform.

Platform Name | Developer(s) | Status | Notes
--- | --- | --- | ---
WooCommerce	| -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
Shopify	| -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
Magento	| Dmitry | Started | Waiting For Code Delivery
Squarespace | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
MonsterCommerce | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
WixStores | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
Virtuemart | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
PrestaShop | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
OpenCart | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
Weebly Ecommerce | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
BigCommerce	| -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
osCommerce | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
Ecwid | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
Big Cartel | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer
IBM Websphere Commerce | -- | Not Started | Waiting For Developer

## Developers

Please use the communication channels listed in the Contact section and let us
know who you are and what you intended to work on. Then submit a pull request
that updates this README with your information and the project(s) you intend to
work on.

Active Developer list is:

Name | Role | GitHub Handle | Slack Handle
--- | --- | --- | ---
Jolan | Developer/Development Coordinator | jolan | jolan
Dmitry | Developer | dema501 | dema501

## Docker

TODO

## Contact

If you have any further questions you can find us at:

- irc.freenode.net (channel #decred-dev) ([webchat](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=decred-dev))
- [#payments_integration:decred.org](https://riot.im/app/#/room/#payments_integration:decred.org) on
[matrix](https://matrix.org/docs/projects/try-matrix-now.html)
- #payments_integration on slack (decred.slack.com)
  (**BROKEN AS OF Nov 1st, 2017.** Decred Slack is unable to add new users. 
  Existing users may still join the channel.)

## Issue Tracker

The
[integrated github issue tracker](https://github.com/decred/dcrpayments/issues)
is used for this project.

## Documentation

TODO

## License

TODO
